Mark reer was a senior advisor to the
Israeli Prime Minister he's told us News
Network MSNBC that Israel has a history
of targeting what he called terrorists
on foreign
soil we can speculate if you like but uh
let's be clear Israel has not taken
responsibility and I think it should be
clear Israel has in the past of
course dealt with terrorists when
they're in foreign countries and the
truth is I think you'll find that my
prime minister my defense minister my
chief of staff have all said in the past
that people terrorist commanders
involved in killing isra civilians
anyone involved in the October 7th
Massacre uh is a legitimate
Target let's speak to Lura Khan who's in
occupied East Jerusalem Israel doesn't
usually publicly acknowledge
responsibility in incidents like this
what's the reaction been
though well this time it's no different
Israel is neither confirming or denying
it had anything to do with this
assassination um in Lebanon of Salah
alori uh now not long after it happened
Daniel hagari the spokesperson for the
Army uh he skirted the question as to
whether Israel had anything to do with
it but he did say they are in high alert
and they are prepared uh most likely
bracing themselves for retaliatory
strikes coming from Hezbollah
considering it all happened on Lebanese
soil now in terms of Israeli reaction at
from the knesset the secretary of the
knesset has asked people to be quiet a
few people have been coming out of the
Woodworks including MK Danny Danon he
thanked the Israeli Army but also the
internal and external Security Services
shin and mosad for the assassination of
Al aori um somebody who's rarely Qui as
well was a finance minister bezel
smotrich who says they will go after
Israel's enemies H now this kind of
rhetoric um has been quite normal from
Israel specifically since October the
7th there was a leak from shim in
December that they are um targeting
Hamas members in every country in in
many countries um including in Gaza but
they do have a Long Reach uh netan who
and also defense minister y of galand
made it clear that they are fighting a
war on seven different fronts and this
includes Lebanon so one thing we know
for sure is they're certainly bracing
themselves for any retaliation now Laura
thank you very much indeed laa KH
talking do us from occupied East
Jerusalem